Documentation update : how to use Meshroom without building AliceVision (#1487)
alicevision/meshroom: README.md

## Get the project

> If you don't want to built it yourself, you can directly download the released version in [releases](https://github.com/alicevision/meshroom/releases).  
> 
> [**INSTALL.md**](INSTALL.md) to setup the project and pre-requisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [download pre-compiled binaries for the latest release](https://github.com/alicevision/meshroom/releases).  

If you want to build it yourself, see [**INSTALL.md**](INSTALL.md) to setup the project and pre-requisites.
```
